♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 7=
Your Majesty has long reached
the age to take an empress
and select consorts,
yet the harem remains empty.
I bear responsibility for this.
I've heard Your Majesty
has reviewed
the portraits of the maidens
I submitted.
Might I ask if any among them
has captured Your Majesty's favor?
There is no need.
I already have someone in mind.
It was my fault
for concealing Xiao Man's true gender.
Years ago, when I was gravely ill,
I wished to have her by my side
in the palace
so she might one day see me to my grave.
That is why I disguised her
as a young eunuch.
I never imagined
she would cross paths with
Your Majesty in that way.
Once it happened,
there was no turning back.
I deceived Your Majesty.
I beg Your Majesty to punish me.
Jia Yi,
come.
Get up first.
Your illness was
contracted in my service.
I haven't forgotten that.
Yet, it was precisely
because of all this
that Xiao Man and I found
our way to each other.
Right?
Xiao Man?
Someone in mind?
Choosing an empress
is no trifling matter.
Might I inquire as to
which family's daughter?
What is her lineage and appearance?
As your aunt,
I must assess her suitability for you.
Now isn't the right time to say.
What do you mean by "the right time"?
I, too, was
somewhat taken by surprise.
Allow me more time to consider.
By the way,
my recent incognito outing
was most enlightening.
It was my first time experiencing
the joy of sharing in
the people's lives.
Your Majesty, you must put the
realm and your own safety first.
You must never leave the palace
without authorization.
Your Majesty,
please prioritize your safety.
Am I not perfectly fine?
Come now, please rise.
Your Majesty's wish to be close
to the people is,
of course, commendable.
But the places you
visited could be dangerous.
If anything had happened...
Minister He, thank you for your concern.
But that place
is nothing short of a heavenly paradise.
How could there be any danger there?
If I may ask, Your Majesty,
what place was it that you visited?
Why,
the world-famous Yanbo Parlor,
of course.
Your Majesty,
you're a ruler of the nation.
How could you set foot
in such an establishment?
I've decided.
I'm going to build my own
Yanbo Parlor inside the palace.
It'll have
music halls and pleasure quarters,
pleasures of the common world.
Most importantly,
I'll gather the finest talents
from across the land
to form
an imperial music troupe
unlike anything before or after.
Your Majesty, you mustn't!
The borders are unstable.
This is precisely
when we need funds the most.
Why not?
Every one of you has been
to Yanbo Parlor.
Why am I alone forbidden?
Besides,
with all of you governing so efficiently,
what is the harm in
my spending a mere pittance?
His Majesty has always loved to dance.
Minister Sun,
the state coffers are ample.
Allocate some funds
from the Ministry of War.
It won't hurt.
Thank you, Aunt.
Minister Sun.
Do you have any objection?
As you wish, Your Highness.
What are you doing here?
Your Majesty, what brings you here?
I'm having
the Yanbo Parlor replica built.
I came to look at some texts on
the Garden of Dreams performance.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Xiao Congrong, merit so great it
overshadowed the throne.
Zhen Xiujin, collusion
with the enemy and treason.
You're reviewing the case
that shook the previous reign?
When the enemy invaded,
pushing all the way to the capital,
Zhen Xiujin, the Crown Prince's tutor,
though a civil official,
led the army in a desperate defense
of the city.
In the nation's darkest hour,
General Xiao Congrong
raced back from the border
with the Xiao Army
to protect His Majesty,
routing the invaders.
This couple saved the Great Qian.
Yet half a year later, they were accused
of plotting rebellion.
Why would meritorious saviors
of the throne turn traitor?
What does Your Majesty believe?
When I later reviewed the case,
I found it strange as well.
They all say
Father was a tyrant
who executed loyal ministers.
Mother and I hid in the palace
for six years,
and even then, I saw him once.
I never knew
the full truth.
Look here, Zhen Muyu,
the Zhen family's
fugitive firstborn son.
If he's still alive,
he should now be my aunt's husband,
which would make him my uncle.
A loyal minister and a great general...
Gone just like that.
They didn't even fare as
well as ordinary people.
Look at this one, Zhen Mujun.
This name is interesting.
What name?
Your Majesty, say that again.
Zhen Mujun.
"Mu" as in devotion,
"Jun" as in gentleman.
Had it not been for that tragedy,
she would have been my empress.
What do you mean?
I was told
that while she was still
in General Xiao's womb,
my father decreed the match.
If the General bore a daughter,
she would be the next empress
of Great Qian.
However...
However?
The woman who will be my empress now
will be the one I truly love.
Your Majesty,
why do you know this case so well?
Because it was a miscarriage of justice.
General Xiao Congrong stood at
the very peak of power in Great Qian,
and Zhen Xiujin was Father's
childhood companion.
Why would they rebel?
If they truly intended to,
all they had to do was nothing
when the enemy invaded.
That's why I believe
this was a wrongful case.
Xiao Congrong, hear the decree!
Xiao Congrong
and her husband, Zhen Xiujin,
are charged with treason.
She, along with the hundred
thousand soldiers of the Xiao Army,
will be executed.
Loyal ministers and good generals
should die for their country,
buried on the battlefield.
To be instead trapped in court intrigue
and killed in another's
power struggle...
How utterly tragic.
The Zhen family served the state
and its people, winning the people's hearts.
I've always hoped that one
day I could clear their name
and restore justice to the wronged.
It's also my way
to redress the wrongs Father committed.
But I am powerless.
All evidence from that
time was destroyed.
Even several senior officials
who pleaded for them were implicated.
Too many paid an unbearable price.
If Your Majesty requires it,
I volunteer to investigate
this case in secret.
Xiao Man, you said you came looking for
reference material for memorials.
I don't believe there's any memorial
that requires digging up an old case
from the previous reign.
Ever since you returned,
you've been coming here again
and again, going through the archives.
You're doing this
to uncover the truth behind
the Zhen family case, aren't you?
Yes.
Why are you determined to
uncover the truth about the case?
Alright.
Let me put it differently.
Are you doing this
for Director Jia
or for yourself?
For myself.
If it's for yourself...
Here.
Take this.
With this imperial token,
you'll have free access
throughout the palace.
Even if you are not ready
to tell me your reasons now,
I will support you fully.
I just hope that one day, we
can be honest with each other.
Do you trust me?
I do.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Don't thank me.
Xiao Man,
you're the only person
in this world
I trust.
Isn't this the sculpture
I made for you back then?
Wait,
I... I was reaching for the token.
Give it back.
♪I wanted to ask you
the meaning of forever♪
♪Is it longing that never rests♪
♪Love that echoes without end♪
♪Or promises that can't be kept♪
♪All those vows of forever we made♪
♪Are sealed away in darkness now♪